README.md, before:

# Lazarus [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/avadhutp/lazarus/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/avadhutp/lazarus) [![CodeCov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/avadhutp/lazarus.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/github/avadhutp/lazarus) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/avadhutp/lazarus?status.png)](https://godoc.org/github.com/avadhutp/lazarus)

Lazarus plays the most recent *HOT* songs from `r/ListenToThis` subreddit.

![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/7g6Pscd.png)

# Requirements
1. `youtube-dl` ([download instructions](https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/))
2. any terminal-based mp3 player like
  * `afplayer`: on OS X (installed by default)
  * `cvlc`: on Linux (:warning:note: While using cvlc specify the command as `cvlc --play-and-exit` to avoid stalling Lazarus.)
  * `mplayer`

# Settings
Lazarus works off of an `ini` file. This supports the following configs:

1. `tmp_location`: The location where Lazarus can download temporary mp3s. Ideally, this location should be absolute as Lazarus does not deal well with relative paths currently. Also, the trailing slash is necessary. Example, `tmp_location = /tmp/lazarus/`.
2. `player_cmd`: The command-line music player to use for playback. This needs to be installed on your system and accessible by the current user. Try to use one which supports a wide range of formats suchas `m4a`, `mp3`, `opus`, etc. Also, specify the required arguments, if any, along with the command. For example, `player_cmd = cvlc --play-and-exit`.

# Keyboard shortcuts
Shortcut | Purpose
---------|--------
q | Quit Lazarus
s | Skip song

Commit message:

Added installation instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Lazarus [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/avadhutp/lazarus/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/avadhutp/lazarus) [![CodeCov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/avadhutp/lazarus.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/github/avadhutp/lazarus) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/avadhutp/lazarus?status.png)](https://godoc.org/github.com/avadhutp/lazarus)

Lazarus plays the most recent *HOT* songs from `r/ListenToThis` subreddit.

![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/7g6Pscd.png)

# Requirements
1. `youtube-dl` ([download instructions](https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/))
2. any terminal-based mp3 player like
  * `afplayer`: on OS X (installed by default)
  * `cvlc`: on Linux (:warning:note: While using cvlc specify the command as `cvlc --play-and-exit` to avoid stalling Lazarus.)
  * `mplayer`

# Installation
1. Create an `ini` settings file as shown in the *Settings* section of this readme
2. Put it in `/etc/lazarus.ini`. Optionally, you can pass the location of the ini file to Lazarus at run time
3. Download Lazarus: `go get github.com/avadhut/lazarus`
4. Run it as:
..1 If the ini file is in the default location (`/etc/lazarus.ini`), then simply issue `lazarus`
..2 Else, issue `lazarus --config /some/other/location/lazarus.ini`

# Settings
Lazarus works off of an `ini` file. This supports the following configs:

1. `tmp_location`: The location where Lazarus can download temporary mp3s. Ideally, this location should be absolute as Lazarus does not deal well with relative paths currently. Also, the trailing slash is necessary. Example, `tmp_location = /tmp/lazarus/`.
2. `player_cmd`: The command-line music player to use for playback. This needs to be installed on your system and accessible by the current user. Try to use one which supports a wide range of formats suchas `m4a`, `mp3`, `opus`, etc. Also, specify the required arguments, if any, along with the command. For example, `player_cmd = cvlc --play-and-exit`.

# Keyboard shortcuts
Shortcut | Purpose
---------|--------
q | Quit Lazarus
s | Skip song
